[Music]
let's go the main mall and fight with a
crowd just go to mock showplace and
scream take it off really loud let's
freeze our ass off in the sub-zero cold
paw through the clothes at Macy's and
make ladies breathe hole as Christmas
Christmas in Maine folks get all the
shoot clubs
by your portal would fill your oil tank
save your mind let's watch them light
the tree in Monument Square let's hope
your wife shaves her legs this month or
at least uses Nair let's hope dad
doesn't lose his last tooth biting into
apple pie let's meet a nice girl in a
gong quit and hope she's not a guy can't
wait to get that orange in my stocking
boy what a thrill that
save your money cost 48 bucks to wrap a
present nowadays am I supposed to do
roll quarters all year long and so I can
buy some Old Spice my father Christmas
in Maine
I can't wait till Easter comes Halloween
Thanksgiving
this tires me out so much trans
everybody's staying in let's watch the
Portland Pirates kick some ass get
really really hammered and go to
midnight mass let's hope school is
canceled every single day because of
snow it's a gag jolly John so we don't
have to hear another hi
it's Christmas
so get up your shovels get ready to be
plowed in eight times a day take a drive
to know the main festive college of
Hudson's let's drive on even further
where the people fuck their cousins
let's buy a nice centerpiece from Dodge
the floors think about summer notes
fucking tourists Christmas Christmas in
Maine I hope you saw your driveway you
don't want to take a spill and they
never made mad and a broken ass
don't put too many bulbs on your tray
folks CMP will be over
[Music]
let's go down to Portland's old port
drink a case of beer
let's thank God this season
[Music]
but once a year
we've some booms are out for Santa you
named thanks for coming out folks